Early (discount) registration reminder: 28th August 2009:: ACM CREATIVITY & COGNITION 2009 ::Everyday Creativity: Shared Languages and Collective ActionOctober 27-30, 2009, Berkeley Art Museum, CA, USAhttp://www.creativityandcognition09.org/Sponsored by ACM SIGCHI, the NSF, the Centre for Digital Music, BigDog Interactive Ltd., and Creativity and Cognition Studios.In co-operation with SIGMM, SIGART, and SIGSOFT:: KEYNOTE SPEAKERS ::Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Professor of Psychology & Management, Claremont Graduate University, USAJoAnn Kuchera-Morin, Director, Allosphere Research Laboratory, California Nanosystems Institute, USAJane Prophet, Professor of Interdisciplinary Computing, Goldsmiths University of London, UK-----------------------------------------------------------:: CALL FOR PARTICIPATION ::Early (discount) registration deadline: 28th August 2009Registration information and online registration are at:http://www.creativityandcognition09.org/conferencefees.htmCreativity is present in all we do. The 7th Creativity and Cognition Conference (CC09) embraces the broad theme of Everyday Creativity. This year the conference will be held at the Berkeley Art Museum (CA, USA), and asks: How do we enable everyone to enjoy their creative potential? How do our creative activities differ? What do they have in common? What languages can we use to talk to each other? How do shared languages support collective action? How can we incubate innovation? How do we enrich the creative experience? What encourages participation in everyday creativity?We have accepted a diverse range of high quality papers, live performances, art installations, posters, demonstrations, workshops, and tutorials. These range from designing for serendipity to inquiries into the nature of creative analogies, from demonstrations of subliminal wiretapping to empirical studies of creativity in improvisation, and from designing assistive devices to installations of autonomous furniture, all described at the following site:http://www.creativityandcognition09.orgThe Creativity and Cognition Conference series started in 1993 and is sponsored by ACM SIGCHI. The conference provides a forum for lively interdisciplinary debate exploring methods and tools to support creativity at the intersection of art and technology. We received hundreds of submissions from academics and practitioners, makers and scientists, artists and theoreticians. This year we accepted just 23% of the submitted papers after a thorough reviewing process. Submissions came from across the globe, from New Zealand to the UK, from France to Japan, and from Mexico to the USA.This year's broad theme of Everyday Creativity reflects the new forms of creativity emerging in everyday life, and includes topics of:- Collective creativity and creative communities- Shared languages and Participatory creativity- Incubating creativity and supporting Innovation- DIY and folk creativity- Democratising creativity- New materials for creativity- Enriching the collaborative experience:: BERKELEY ART MUSEUM ::Come and join us at the UC Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive which is the visual arts centre of the University of California, Berkeley, and one of the largest university art museums in the United States. The museum is steeped in a history of radical interdisciplinary creativity and provides the ideal environment for researchers, practitioners and artists to come together to examine and reflect on the role of technology in Everyday Creativity.Artists-performers-makers-scientists will descend on the Berkeley Art Museum for an evening of performative and interactive delights happening in/on/around the Creativity and Cognition 09 conference. Inspired by the theme of "Everyday Creativity", the mobile, wearable, stand-alone and nomadic works on exhibit or performed will explore the invisible, unexpected and unanticipated in the everyday. Featured work from North America, Europe, Asia and Australia includes: Live Performances, Digital Live Art, Interactive Installations, Outdoor Projections, net.art, and DJ/VJ sets.:: CONFERENCE COMMITTEE ::General Chair: Nick Bryan-Kinns, UKProgram Chair: Mark Gross, USAProgram co-Chair: Ron Wakkary, CanadaProgram co-Chair: Hilary Johnson, UKProgram co-Chair: Jack OX, USADemonstrations and Posters Chair: Yukari Nagai, JapanTutorials Chair: Yusuf Pisan, AustraliaWorkshops Chair: Ryohei Nakatsu, SingaporeGraduate Student Symposium co-Chair: John C Thomas, USAGraduate Student Symposium co-Chair: Celine Latulipe, USAArt Exhibition Chair: Jennifer Sheridan, UKArt Exhibition Executive Committee: Sara Diamond, CanadaTreasurer: Ellen Do, USASponsorship: Doug Riecken, USAPublicity: David A Shamma, USA Local inspiration: Richard Rinehart, USALocal Committee Chair: Daniela Rosner, USASteering Committee:  Ernest Edmonds, Australia  Linda Candy, Australia  Tom Hewett, USA  Janis Jefferies, UK  Ben Shneiderman, USA  Gerhard Fischer, USAhttp://www.creativityandcognition09.org/