** CALL FOR BAGS **:: ACM CREATIVITY & COGNITION 2009 ::The 7th ACM Creativity and Cognition ConferenceEveryday Creativity: Shared Languages and Collective Actionhttp://www.creativityandcognition09.orgDEADLINE: 24th August, 2009 Do you have conference bags that you never use? Are you ever tempted to throw them away? The 7th Creativity and Cognition conference is giving you the opportunity to:  * Be good to the environment,* Generate some good karma,* Breathe new life into rubbish. Inspired by the theme of Everyday Creativity, we are asking you to post your old conference bag(s) to one of the addresses below so that we can recycle them into one-of-a-kind reusable conference bags. Each bag that you send us will be hand crafted and sculpted by up-and-coming British designer Sarah Atkinson. Unlike many consumer products that we buy today, each bag will come with its previous history attached.  APPLICATIONSApplications of the CC09 bags after the conference could include:* A funky new bag to carry your shopping in,* A bling pet carrier,* A new piece of arm candy - your very own IT bag,* A storage bag for your junkmail,* A grow bag to plant a tree,* Or you could even frame it as an ever-lasting souvenir of the magical time you had at CC09. IMPORTANT DATESubmission of bags closes on: August 24, 2009. Please send your bags before this date. POSTAL INFORMATIONPlease note that cloth bags are preferred rather than plastic bags however, we will consider all bags that you have - not just previous conference bags! Please post your bag(s) to one of the addresses below: Nick Bryan-KinnsDepartment of Computer ScienceSchool of Electronic Engineering and Computer ScienceQueen MaryUniversity of LondonMile EndLondonE1 4NSUnited Kingdom orDaniela RosnerSchool of InformationUniversity of California, Berkeley102 South HallBerkeleyCA 94720-4600USAABOUT THE DESIGNERSarah Atkinson is a young, London-based fashion and textiles designer who specialises in knit. Her work walked down the runway at the London and Russian Fashion Weeks 2009 and has been sold in Japan as well as being featured in a promotional video for a well-known candy brand. Sarah's influences include Psychobilly, 1950s Kitch, fast paced city life, Science Fiction and her veganism. Her work encompasses a wide variety of techniques and materials, and she has previously incorporated themes of reuse and recycling.  Sarah holds a BA Hons in Textiles, Weave and Mixed Media from Middlesex University London.  QUESTIONSIf you have any questions, please contact us by email:bags [AT] bigdoginteractive [DOT] comSPONSORSCall for Bags is commissioned by BigDog Interactive Ltd. http://www.bigdoginteractive.com 