:: ACM CREATIVITY & COGNITION 2009 ::

Everyday Creativity: Shared Languages and Collective Action
October 27-30, 2009, Berkeley Art Museum, CA, USA

http://www.creativityandcognition09.org/

Sponsored by ACM SIGCHI, in co-operation with SIGMM, SIGART, and SIGSOFT

:: KEYNOTE SPEAKERS ::
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Professor of Psychology & Management, Claremont Graduate University, USA
JoAnn Kuchera-Morin, Director, Allosphere Research Laboratory, California Nanosystems Institute, USA
Jane Prophet, Professor of Interdisciplinary Computing, Goldsmiths University of London, UK

-----------------------------------------------------------

:: CALL FOR PARTICIPATION ::
Full Papers, Art Exhibition, Live Performances, Demonstrations, Posters, Workshops, Tutorials, Graduate Symposium

Submission deadline: Submissions are now closed.
For more information and submission process see: www.creativityandcognition09.org

Creativity is present in all we do. The 7th Creativity and Cognition Conference (CC09) embraces the broad theme of Everyday Creativity. This year the conference will be held at the Berkeley Art Museum (CA, USA), and asks: How do we enable everyone to enjoy their creative potential? How do our creative activities differ? What do they have in common? What languages can we use to talk to each other? How do shared languages support collective action? How can we incubate innovation? How do we enrich the creative experience? What encourages participation in everyday creativity?

The Creativity and Cognition Conference series started in 1993 and is sponsored by ACM SIGCHI. The conference provides a forum for lively interdisciplinary debate exploring methods and tools to support creativity at the intersection of art and technology. We welcome submissions from academics and practitioners, makers and scientists, artists and theoreticians. This year's broad theme of Everyday Creativity reflects the new forms of creativity emerging in everyday life, and includes topics of:

- Collective creativity and creative communities
- Shared languages and Participatory creativity
- Incubating creativity and supporting Innovation
- DIY and folk creativity
- Democratising creativity
- New materials for creativity
- Enriching the collaborative experience

We welcome the following forms of submission:
- Empirical evaluations by quantitative and qualitative methods
- In-depth case studies and ethnographic analyses
- Reflective and theoretical accounts of individual and collaborative practice
- Principles of interaction design and requirements for creativity support tools
- Educational and training methods
- Interdisciplinary methods, and models of creativity and collaboration
- Analyses of the role of technology in supporting everyday creativity

:: BERKELEY ART MUSEUM ::
The UC Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive is the visual arts centre of the University of California, Berkeley, and one of the largest university art museums in the United States. The museum is steeped in a history of radical interdisciplinary creativity and provides the ideal environment for researchers, practitioners and artists to come together to examine and reflect on the role of technology in Everyday Creativity.

:: PROCEEDINGS ::
All submissions will be peer reviewed. Printed proceedings, published by ACM Press, will be available at the conference and will be included in the ACM digital library.

We aim to produce special issue(s) of international journals (to be confirmed) from the Creativity & Cognition conference. 

:: CONFERENCE COMMITTEE ::
General Chair: Nick Bryan-Kinns, UK
Program Chair: Mark Gross, USA
Program co-Chair: Ron Wakkary, Canada
Program co-Chair: Hilary Johnson, UK
Program co-Chair: Jack OX, USA
Demonstrations and Posters Chair: Yukari Nagai, Japan
Tutorials Chair: Yusuf Pisan, Australia
Workshops Chair: Ryohei Nakatsu, Singapore
Graduate Student Symposium co-Chair: John C Thomas, USA
Graduate Student Symposium co-Chair: Celine Latulipe, USA
Art Exhibition Chair: Jennifer Sheridan, UK
Art Exhibition Executive Committee: Sara Diamond, Canada
Treasurer: Ellen Do, USA
Sponsorship: Doug Riecken, USA
Publicity: David A Shamma, USA 
Local inspiration: Richard Rinehart, USA
Local Committee Chair: Daniela Rosner, USA
Steering Committee:
  Ernest Edmonds, Australia
  Linda Candy, Australia
  Tom Hewett, USA
  Janis Jefferies, UK
  Ben Shneiderman, USA
  Gerhard Fischer, USA

http://www.creativityandcognition09.org/

